The-Main-Story:

In the wealthy and affluent Virgo shops, a wild bull has appeared!
This bull is causing several million dollars worth of damage, and someone has to stop him!
Unfortunately, nobody, including animal control or the police want to get involved.
However, you happen to be driving around in your car, when it breaks down.
You know you can't afford the repairs, and that's when the owner sees you!

He makes you a deal! For every piece of jewelry and coins you obtain, you will get 10000 dollars! However, if the owner doesn't hear back from you in a bit, he will send a rescue team to take you out regardless of how much loot you have as a legal and safety precaution.

He will provide a backpack to make your journey a bit easier.

How hard can this be?

Soon enough, you realize you might have bitten more than you can chew...

Will you fare well against the bull?! Its time to see in this game of 'A Bull In A China Shop'!

Press 'W' to continue.

The Controls:
The following controls are available for your usage (COMPUTER, WASD CONFIG ONLY):
'ESCAPE': Quits the game.
'W': Moves the player upwards.
'A': Moves the player leftwards.
'S': Moves the player downwards.
'D': Moves the player rightwards.
'SPACE': Moves the player upwards.
'UP': Moves the player upwards.
'LEFT': Moves the player leftwards.
'DOWN': Moves the player downwards.
'RIGHT': Moves the player rightwards.
'ENTER': Will move the game along, only when prompted.
'SHIFT': Will allow you to outrun the bull, with a limit of 3 uses with a maximum of 3 seconds per use. NOT YET IMPLEMENTED.

NOTE: Not all mechanics of this game are specified. This is by design in order to give you a chance to improvise through trial and error. 
It would be counter productive to do so, just focus on using the controls optimally for best results.
You will now be taken to a screen where you will choose how many items you think you can bring back. PLAN ACCORDINGLY.

Press 'SPACE' to continue.

IF SUCCESFUL:
If the player got less than 1000 points, he will be thankful for your efforts yet urge you to get more for a bigger payday.
If the player got less than 5000 points, he will be grateful, and say it is satisfactory.
If the player gets more than 10000 points, he will be shocked and make you the vice president of the company for you efforts. (The best ending)